This is a ranking system that I devised and created that ranks women's college basketball teams. I am not overly sure with the exponent used in the pythagorean expectation, I got this from someone's project analyzing women's college basketball games, but I don't feel  confident in it. Still, I think this ranking system is super interesting and is about as good of a ranking system that one could get only using points as a stat. Basically, the ranking system is a score based system. If a team wins, the team gains (points won by)^(1/19) * (pythagorean expectation of the opposing team) score. If a team loses, the team loses (points won by)^(1/19) * (1 - (pythagorean expectation of the opposing team)^2) score. The 1/19 rewards winning by 10 points more than 1, which should be the case, but doesn't reward it too much. After all, a win is still a win. This formula punishes losses  more than it awards wins, which is what is required in a college basketball setting as the skill disparity is so large the top teams often end up with 27 wins and 2 losses. So, if team A has a pythagorean expectation of .200 and wins against team B, a team with a pythagorean expectation of .800, by 7 points, team A gains .88 score (checks out, this is an incredibly good win for team A), while team B loses 1.06 score(which also checks out, this is a genuinely horrid loss for team B). In future iterations, I want to punish losses even more, but for now, I think this is a pretty good system. The code past that is quite self-explanatory. Most of the code was an exercise for my friend, SlyHawk, but the ranking system itself was my effort, primarily used as a fun exercise. 
